Ah, who did I think it was?
It turned out to be a little wild species born before my mother.
Son, look at you, you are hot, wipe your sweat
Did you see
This is the favorite of our family
Not like you trash
You hurry up and go back to your place where the bird doesn't shit
Be a farmer for a lifetime
Plant for a lifetime
You farmers are no less than any of you.
Why do you look down on farmers?
So humiliate me
Just look down on you, what's wrong with this trash?
Ouch my good grandson
The provincial champion
The dragon and the phoenix among the real people
He can humiliate you however he wants
You trash can only have thinner portions
The champion can humiliate people at will
Don't you think you're funny?
The funny thing is you
I'll tell you what.
Today's oath ceremony
It's for all the sports ships selected for Olympic training
And prepared
It's for the world-breaking weightlifting
Prepared by the genius of records
Today it's all for him
And you're just a clarifying young woman
You're right about my nephew
Everything today
All for the genius who broke the world record
strategy
He will be a comprehensive national and even the world
The brightest star
A rising star like this
World Champion
How can you, a trash, claim it?
That's right, the genius who broke the world record this time
Don't say trash like you
Even I feel inferior when chatting for a while
Why are you talking wildly?
Dare to say this banquet is for you
Just by
I'm the genius who broke the world record for you